annot: Add soy sauce, sugar, sake, rice wine, brown ginger, and garlic into a large pot
ACTID: 0
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] soy sauce (-1), sugar (-1), sake (-1), rice wine (-1), brown ginger (-1), garlic (-1)
[PP, location, into] a large pot (-1)
annot: Add bonito flakes, seaweed, and green onion to the pot
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] bonito flakes (-1), seaweed (-1), green onion (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (0)
annot: boil
ACTID: 2
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] (1)
annot: roll a piece of pork
ACTID: 3
PRED: roll
[DOBJ, food] a piece of pork (-1)
annot: tie it closed
ACTID: 4
PRED: tie
[DOBJ, food] it (3)
annot: Add oil to a pan over heat
ACTID: 5
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pan over heat (-1)
annot: Add the pork to the pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the pork (4)
[PP, food, to] the pan (5)
annot: turn it
ACTID: 7
PRED: turn
[DOBJ, food] it (6)
annot: Add water to the pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (7)
annot: boil the pork
ACTID: 9
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] the pork (8)
annot: cut the pork into small slices with a knife
ACTID: 10
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the pork (9)
[PP, other, into] small slices (-1)
[PP, other, with] a knife (-1)
annot: Add chicken, seaweed, bonito flakes, dried shrimp, dried scallops, sliced ginger, and chicken feet to a pot
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chicken (-1), seaweed (-1), bonito flakes (-1), dried shrimp (-1), dried scallops (-1), sliced ginger (-1), and chicken feet (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pot (-1)
annot: Add water to the pot
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pot (11)
annot: boil for three hours
ACTID: 13
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food]  (12)
[PP, other, for] three hours (-1)
annot: separate the ramen noodles by hand
ACTID: 14
PRED: separate
[DOBJ, food] the ramen noodles (-1)
[PP, other, by] hand (-1)
annot: Drop the ramen noodles into boiling water
ACTID: 15
PRED: drop
[DOBJ, food] the ramen noodles (14)
[PP, food, into] boiling water (-1)
annot: Add chicken broth, and soy sauce into a bowl
ACTID: 16
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] chicken broth (13), soy sauce (2)
[PP, location, into] a bowl (-1)
annot: Add the ramen noodles into the bowl
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the ramen noodles (15)
[PP, food, into] the bowl (16)
annot: Add an egg, two pieces of pork, and green onions to the bowl
ACTID: 18
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] an egg (-1), two pieces of pork (10), green onions (-1)
[PP, food, to] the bowl (17)